# YarnXMLtoUE4
Utility to translate XML files generated by [Yarn](https://github.com/InfiniteAmmoInc/Yarn) from InfiniteAmmoInc into a C++ object usable in the Unreal Engine 4.

## Purpose
The software takes an XML file as generated by Yarn and outputs the dialogue and options as Maps of std::strings that are useable within C++ code. This is with a view to being plugged into the Unreal Engine 4 so that dialogue can be written with Yarn and used in UE4.

The utility is currently directed at a simple command interface for demonstration. This demonstrates how the player can be fed options and the choice fed back into the system as a node.

## Local dependencies
This is a work in progress; there is no error checking at present, plenty of TODOs and some local dependencies.

Please be aware that there are some local directories currently hard-coded within the code that will differ from your local PC. Currently the folder for the XML files is defined within XMLExtractor.h and there is a file title defined within the OptionCrafter module called 'Oleya'. If using this repo, rename these to whatever XML file you want to use and the appropriate directory.

## License
This software is subject to the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE version 3.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

This permission notice and license shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## TinyXML-2 License
This utilty includes [TinyXML-2](https://github.com/leethomason/tinyxml2) from Lee Thomason. Use of the software is as such restricted to the following license in respect of the tinyxml2.cpp and tinyxml2.h files:

TinyXML-2 is released under the zlib license:

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied 
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any 
damages arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any 
purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and 
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must 
not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this 
software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation 
would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and 
must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source 
distribution.